Updating the temperature and emission measure calculations for the new GOES-XRS data (#81)
sunpy/sunkit-instruments: changelog/81.feature.rst

> Create new function to calculate the temperature and emission measure from the GOES XRS measurments including the new re-processed XRS data and GOES-R data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create new function (`sunkit_instruments.goes_xrs.calculate_temperature_em`) to calculate the temperature and emission measure from the GOES XRS measurements including the new re-processed XRS data and GOES-R data.

See :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_calculate_goes_temperature_and_emission_measure.py` for an example.
```

Create new function to calculate the temperature and emission measure from the GOES XRS measurments.

> This also removes the older verison that no longer works for the re-processed netcdf files and new GOES-R data.

Reviewer: Can this last line be added into a breaking changelog please? 

Can you also add the before and new function names?
